/*
Namespaces

Namespaces prevent naming collisions - a variable declared inside a scope (defined by { }), is invisible outside the scope
In large codebases, this is very important as it prevents pollution and naming collisions

Global scope variables:
        Declared outside all functions
        Initialized to Zero and not garbage values
        They live out throughout the program, they are not detroyed even when they are unused

Within a translation unit, objects are initialized in the order in which they are defined, if A is defined before B then
A will be initialized before B

Across Translation Units (different .cpp files of the same program) - The initialization order is unspecified
If value A is in file1.cpp and variable B is in file2.cpp, variable B may be initialized before variable A by the compiler depending on the link order
This uncertainty leades to the Static Order Initialization Fiasco, where one global depends on another global from another file

Namespaces - group related code together under a unique name to prevent naming collisions

Static local variable:
        a function-local static variable has these properties:
                1. It is only visible to the function only, i,e LOCAL variable for the function
                2. It has static lifetime, that is, it lives throughout the program's memory


more about the static keyword:
        It has different meanings depending on the context (classic c++ feature)
        1. When applied to a global variable or a function, outside a class, it resticts its visibility to the 
           current translatio unit
        2. When used inside a function to declare a local variable, it declare a local variable with a static storage duration
           i.e it is initialized only once and retains it's value between function calls
        3. When applied to a class member, it indicates that the member belongs to the class itself rather than any 
           specific instance meaning it can be shared among all the instances of the class and can be accessed without instantiating the class



Recursion - this is when a function calls itself
A recursive function must have :
        1. A base case - a condition which when met, the recursion stops
          Without a proper base case, the recursion might take place forever
        2. A recursive case - a call that makes the problem smaller
           it moves towards the base case

Each call pushes a new stack frame containing variables, parameters and return addresses
When the base case returns, frames are popped one by one (unwinding)

Some problems are better solved iteratively than recursively, and others vice versa
beware of infinite looping or very deeply recursive algorithms, it can lead to stack overflow
Some recursive implementations have ridiculous time complexities
The solutions include :
        1. Memoization
        2. Iterative solutions
        3. Dynamic programming - bottom-up table filling

Recursion is very useful in implementing graphs, trees and algorithms such as the minimax algorithm


*/